# README

- [README](#readme)
  - [Directories](#directories)
  - [How to contribute](#how-to-contribute)
    - [Contribution Workflow](#contribution-workflow)
    - [Contributing an Icon](#contributing-an-icon)
  - [File structure](#file-structure)
    - [Common item fields](#common-item-fields)
      - [Mod exclusive fields](#mod-exclusive-fields)
      - [Weapons and parts fields](#weapons-and-parts-fields)
      - [Fish and relics](#fish-and-relics)
      - [Sculptures](#sculptures)
  - [Riven items](#riven-items)
  - [Riven attributes](#riven-attributes)
  - [Lich weapons](#lich-weapons)
  - [Lich quirks](#lich-quirks)
  - [Lich ephemeras](#lich-ephemeras)
  - [How to create Sets](#how-to-create-sets)
  - [How to define Tags](#how-to-define-tags)

> :warning: Riven attributes, despite being in `tracked` folder should be translated manually, because their names isn't translated inside the DE api.  
> You can edit their "effect" names inside `tracked` folder.

## Directories

1. `tracked` - All these items are managed automatically and should stay in sync with DE api.
2. `untracked` - These items require manual intervention to stay up to date
3. `missing` - If item is missing from WFM, you can add it here.
4. `icons` - If it is not possible to provide an icon by url, you can copy icon here, in binary format. (`png`/`jpg`)

Subdirectories:  

1. `items` - common items, mods, warframes, scenes, etc.
2. `rivens` - riven related entities. (used in auctions)
3. `liches` - lich related entities. (used in auctions)

## How to contribute

By issuing Pull requests, "rebase" workflow.

### Contribution Workflow

1. If item is exist on the site find it inside `tracked`\\`untracked` folder.
   If item is missing from the site, create a new file inside `missing` folder (`%item_name%.json` format).
2. Apply desired changes to the file(s).
3. Commit with short description of your changes.
4. Send a pull request.
5. I'll review these changes and if everything is ok, i'll accept your pull request.
6. All changes will be merged into WFM database in a few days.

### Contributing an Icon

From a remote source:  
`"icon": "https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/warframe/images/6/6d/Hind.png"`

From the icon folder:  
`"icon": "items/icons/<icon_file>"`

## File structure

### Common item fields

1. `_id` - id of an item, do not modify it, and do not create it (in case of adding a new item)
2. `tags` - not used right now in any way, but it still prefarable to add them.
3. `icon` - local or remore path to the icon, check [This section](####Contributing-an-Icon)
4. `thumb` - ~~autogenerated~~
5. `icon_format` - ~~autogenerated~~
6. `sub_icon` - sub icon of an item, represent part of the set, like `handle`/`grip`/`...`, could be path to local file or remote address.
7. `url_name` - Will be generated automatically.
8. `tradable` - This item is tradable. (`true`/`false`)
9. `game_ref.uniq_name` - reference to the game uniq name.
10. `part_of_set` - List of items in the set, url_name (`["zakti_prime_blueprint","zakti_prime_barrel", ...]`)
11. `set_root` - This item is set itself, like `Some Prime Set`, it's parrent of other parts.
12. `quantity_for_set` - How many parts is in the set.
13. `en` \ `ru` \ `ko` \ `...` - lang specific subdocument.
    1. `item_name` - Name of an item.
    2. `description` - Item descriptrion.
    3. `wiki_link` - Link to the wiki.
    4. `icon` - lang specific icon.
    5. `icon_format` - ~~autogenerated~~
    6. `thumb` - ~~autogenerated~~
    7. `drop` - Drop locations.
       1. `name` - Name of the location.
       2. `link` - link to the resource (wiki or wfm).
14. `trading_tax` - Tax

#### Mod exclusive fields

1. `rarity` - Mod rarity.
2. `max_rank` - Maximum possible Mod\\Arcane rank.

#### Weapons and parts fields

1. `mastery_level` - mastery requirenment.
2. `ducats` - Costs in ducats.

#### Fish and relics

1. `subtypes` - fish or relic subtype, like `["intact",exceptional","flawless","radiant"]`.

#### Sculptures

Not implemented yet, but planned for one of the next updates

1. `amber_stars` - max amount of amber stars
2. `cyan_stars` - max amount of cyan stars

## Riven items

...

## Riven attributes

...

## Lich weapons

...

## Lich quirks

...

## Lich ephemeras

...

## How to create Sets

If you want to add a set, just create a set of files, and put a flag `"set_root" : true` inside the set root file. (e.g. `Some Prime Set.json`)  
Then link every part with eachother by defining `part_of_set` inside every file, in this way (Soma Prime as example):

```json
"part_of_set": [
   "soma_prime_set",
   "soma_prime_barrel",
   "soma_prime_blueprint",
   "soma_prime_receiver",
   "soma_prime_stock"
],
```

↑ array of `url_name`

**For an example**: check Soma Prime Set and its parts inside `tracked/items/` folder

## How to define Tags

> For missing or untracked items only

There is no strict convention, but you can use this logic:

1. Add item group, like `Blueprint` | `Mod`.
2. Add item type, like `Rifle` | `Warframe`.
3. Add additional definition, like `Prime` | `Corrupted` | `Huras`, `Rare`, etc.

For example Rare Rifle Mod should have `[Mod, Rifle, Rare]` tags.
